


User lab Manual:
Name:
Shahzad(49707)
Syeda kissa zehra(51840)
Moiz Ahmeed(49642)



LOGIN:
 

User  enter your name and password and then click Ok button to login.

USERS:
 

Click user button to add new user,change password and get login details.

Add new user:
 

To add a new user,Click new user button and fill out the form and then click save button.
To get user data,click get data button.
To update user data,click update button.

Change Password:

 

To change your password,click password button and add a new password and then click change password button.
Patient:
Patient Registration:
In patient registration,user need to fill form with patient data.
 
Need to selct Gender and blood group of patient.
To get Patient data,click get data button.
To update patient data,click update button.
To delete patient data,click delete button.


Service:
In service,user need to fill form with patient Id and patient name.
 
In the service,Sevice info from the Date need to enter (2012-02-21).
To get service data,click get data button.
To update service data,click update button.
To delete service,click delete button.
Doctor:
Doctor Registration:
In Doctor registration,user need to fill form with Doctor data.
 
Need to selct Gender and blood group of doctor.
In the Doctor,Doctor Details from the Date of joining need to enter (2012-02-21).
To get Doctor data,click get data button.
To update Doctor data,click update button.
To delete Doctor data,click delete button.


Room:
Add room:
In add room,user need to fill form with room data.
 
Need to select room type of room info.
To get Room data,click get data button.
To update Room data,click update button.
To delete Room data,click delete button.


Admit room:
After clicking admit room,user can fill patient disease,admit date and select room type.
 
To get Admit room data,click get data button.
To update Admit room data,click update button.
To delete Admit room,click delete button.


Discharge Room:
After clicking discharge room,user will fill discharge date and remarks.
 
To get Discharge room data,click get data button.
To update Discharge room data,click update button.
To delete discharge room data,click delete button.


Billing:
After clicking billing,user select the patient and need to select payment mode,billing date and payment mode detail.
 

To get Billing data,click get data button.
To update Billing data,click update button.
To delete Billing data,click delete button.


Help:
If user want any help related the software so user click help button and get information.